 Wrong one, Isimoot. Versa is treloqui. Ey ye ye ye ye ye ye. Ye ye ye ye ye ye ye ye. C'est la damace, tres, dos, uno. Si ellos me piden plow, tranquilo que se lo doy. Bande listos. Mira como luego yo resistos. Yo soy perfecto. Mi talento me convierte en Alfred Hitchcock. Pego tales directos que me comparan con Discord. Ah shit, mira como yo te quemo. Yo sé que sueno. Tranquilo, yo puedo hacer que te agradeces. Yes! Yes! Ah! Hey, hey! Ah! Ah! Yeah! Yeah! Last one! Yeah! Hey! Hey! Ah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Ah! Yeah, yeah, yeah! Yeah! Yeah! God, God! Yeah! Yeah! Come on! Hey! Hey! Yeah! Hey! Hey! Hey! Come on! Hey! Yeah! Come on! Come on! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Hey! Come on! Yeah! Oh! Oh! It's tremendous, man. It's so easy. It's so easy to make it look like it. What an animal. Very good. What an animal. My favorite champions of the league, gentlemen. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight. Yeah! Yeah! Yeah! Holy cow!
 You're not a fan because you don't do good to me. I'm... One minute left of the R&B. Rico Flow. Use it for Ichefi. Thanks for subscribing, father. It's coming, isn't it? 3, 2, 1... The good beats. Oh That theyiał Actually But don't get burned, you're a peon. Oh, God. This shit you're looking for, but don't get frustrated. If that's going to be the joke, that's not the urban legend, it's a urban legend. It's not the same. More or less, it's not the same. I've been with people who don't have visitors, but they sound powerful. You're the opposite. You know the neighborhood. Brother, all the people. To be a urban legend, you don't have to shout. You want to make it sound more powerful. You're the one who releases the screams. In the background, don't make it sound loud. Hey. You're not the urban legend, the only one who has the urbano is that I hang you from a bridge. Come on there. It's going to be calm, but calm down. Never go to the ball. Calm down. I'll get you all burned. I'm Durán in the Blancfana's boxes. I'm in the 35th place with the low-couch. I'm with the show in this couch. You're a disgrace. I'm an urban legend and I've already shown you. Yeah. It's going to be calm, but calm down. Look at Madro. Oh Oh Round three round the mode Bars
 I'm getting ready for that base. Thank you so much, guys. I'm done, Vene. I got 100 people who found it. We're gonna leave it here. Okay, I'm done. I'm gonna start with R. Get the objects up so I can see them. That's a joke. They're playing it straight, spectacular. I'm getting ready for that base. I'm getting ready for that base. Come on, man. We're gonna remember two bosses. 160 seconds. This is the Ramón mode. Go! Yeah! Yeah! Oh, yeah! Jesus! Oh, yeah! Alejandro. Yo. You're looking for that supporter and me sleeping looking for another model, man. Oh, my God. It's the one that's making me laugh. I mean, it's making me laugh. It's not a battle mode, but I'm like... Yeah, yeah, yeah. We're missing gesture. And with that, round four. Round four. Classic. It's over, but it's actually starting. So it should have ended up with Bennett. So let's start with Bennett. Okay, Marcelo, let go of that black FMS soundtrack. Young one! Yeah. Yeah. Oh, yes! Yeah. Yeah.
 I think they were going to do the same thing this day. How is it? Last one! Brother, that was good. Now you don't look bad. I'm going to call it. I shoot the bullets in the bullet. And the skull of this cow is the one who goes to the cell. Yeah! Yeah! Good job! He's going to kill you. That's the bullet. That's the bullet, son. That's the bullet. Rapping, dad. Reboot, reboot. You like the peak. You like the peak of the shadow. Hurray, the peak! Ah Very good, eh? Nice minute, eh? Boom flow, eh? Very good Go choosing your MVP Go choosing your MVP And can we prepare a MVP vote? For 4,000 battles, yes 4,000 battles and MVP vote We're fighting in 3, 2, 1, go 40 or 18, I don't understand anything you say, just what I reproach you I suffer because I destroy you, it's black and disgusting Don't get nervous, I know I destroy you If you want the red, I suffer because I'm stormy Who is the black, disgusting powder? Cawdows that smoke more than a nervous stank Now what, cawdow? Just look how I have the improvisation You in the club, they put you in a tank And you dance less than a plexiglass in shock Hey, this is the lexicon, cawdow I take the merit, I arrive in my army, I arrive in my army You are so pathetic, I have the credit of today I arrive with my army and my lexicon, cawdow Bordervans, bordervans Oh, forget, forget We are in 3, 2, 1, go But now it's good, even if we don't get everything, hey I see crazy people with cocaine A year with you, if you don't know me Cawdow, if it sounds like a joke, I'm the one who hits the DJ Cawdow! Not because of the JT, cawdow You need to get in with voice If you talk about my age, you don't recognize me, bro What happens is that I'm still in my 13, having 22 Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry I hope you're in hell and it's there where we'll see each other Because I don't like what I've done with this Like a hawk, like crappers, like this one, they win in positions He goes with the line and showing his arm, he's killing me But he's unable to write a good deal That's why I pass, you contradict Father Rap, don't go, you say you analyze it That the air that you throw at you, you analyze it Before you throw it at you, and you don't analyze it anymore You talk a lot, but you don't say anything Neither do the people who ask for my opinion What I do, what happens to me, I've heard what happens And there's nothing good, what do you want? Brother, you can't do it against me, they're going to Mercedes I'm going to Mercedes, what happens to me Too much, huh? He answered, he answered, he answered Too much Too much Too much
 Five final round. Whenever you want. The looks. It was very late in the park to win me the bread when we were people who didn't have a plan. I'm showing my back, brother, to see if I win fans and I'm showing my back because if you show your face, they'll give it to you. Wow, brother. Wow. Dude, it's true, brother. Your second minute was a fucking shit. Answer less than when we call a store. You're smoking so much, brother. You're staying without ingenuity. Fuck, I know that on your side, Snoop Dogg, you look like a thimmy. Yes, you look like a thimmy. It's serious and it becomes important. I don't like to answer if it means to think before. Brother, they're two different freestyles. I started with and I liked it and I have it today. Oh, man. Yes, I do. Fuck, look, I have your solution for life and it makes me laugh. And I know that on top of the solution, it's going to come in a palypso shape. I don't like to answer if you have to think before, then analyze. Fuck, why don't you answer while you improvise? I answer while I improvise, but I improvise with my white mind, not thinking. If you don't, it's clear after a year sitting down while you were yelling at me, brother, you're failing. Well, both with my white mind that you could also think about it with your brain. How nice to leave the brain in white when you know very well that with 40 you're going to have the black lung. Brother, let's improvise. Let's improvise, that's the last time you talk when you improvise. What was that? Three, two, one, go. So many rappers with the sirens, with the envy, that they think I'm the boss and I've got the sirens. If you put these drums, I hit you with the sirens, I'll have the black lung, but I know it's clean. I know it's clean, so don't go out of your way. I know who I am, I'm with the Detroit Piston. I wrote a song that you were playing, and I was like, I love your last album. I love your last album, I think it's better than yours, and I didn't even add it. I put the package in the package for the priors, the Detroit Piston show, and you're in the air. It's unbelievable, you know it all. At least the judges think I'm worth it. You didn't even add it, but you're out of tune. You're so bad that before you add it, you just went down. I went up, but I put everything in the package, and I left a legacy that's far from these Mongols. I have few things that I have control over, so if you look at me, you're losing it. Before you say anything, I'll go up, I'll go up, and I'll go down. If you want, take it easy, I'll laugh every time. You know the difference between your pills, you play with words, they come while I'm playing with you. You play with me, but you're an idiot. You talk about pills and the ones you have are my flottans. Brother, you're a coward. This is a toyaco, please. Change. Change. If you want, look at me right now, there's no debate. Change. Let me kill you. I have pills and pills, if you want to sell yourself to chocolate. It has pills that cross-pits the coffee. For smoking, I consider myself a junkie. And then it's the typical hangover, that I smoked two times, thinking there's UFOs in heaven. Oh! And I'm an omnipresent, you're a zombie. I drink coffee, I always say fuck this. And I don't shoot your lies, you're a junkie. But you follow me. I'm a junkie, I was looking at you from a junkie, but from Flow-Key. Brother, you're slowly getting me. How is it? I kick with low kick, with the snike. And you, I don't have a clue if you fuck your coffee. Oh! You look like a pathetic, a rascal and a dick like Jimmy Hendrix. Splicely, dicks, in the missing and never the epic. Brother, you've marked a minute of the replica. Oh! The replica, go psychosis. The one that when you rap, it looks like you have sclerosis. How is it? In addition to multiple delay. And the size of a junkie. Oh! But give me a second, I'll even punch you. Haha! Look how I'm getting fucked up. I'm good at playing football, I'll score you a goal. You score me a goal, I'll score the lines you see in heaven, but when you see them, I deny it and I pass. Brother, I'm not afraid of you, because even if you're drunk, I see the base full. This is what you have. Listen to that mood and with desire. Just look at how I fight for the freestyle and the fame. If you win what you have tomorrow, call me. I'm like a spray, a drop that you go from Montana. Fuck that, yeah! Oh! Baby, a drop that you go from Montana. Oh, baby, we're preparing the vote. We have it prepared to see who you were in my favor. Who won here? Someone won, there's a replica, Vened, won, the replica won, who won? The vote is the maximum without options. We'll put the five winners for the MVP. Give them one. Vened, ladies and gentlemen. Vened.